AgentA3 Task9 remediation baseline
Captured: 2026-07-15 (Asia/Shanghai)
Purpose: preserve the first diagnostic results before quality-gate remediation.

This file is a normalized record of the observed command summaries, not a
fabricated raw terminal transcript. Counts below came from the first Task9
diagnostic runs in this workspace.

1) ai-servers
Command: cd ai-servers && .venv/bin/python -m pytest -q --tb=no
Observed summary: 15 failed, 229 passed, 14 errors, 5 warnings
Environment note: 14 collection/execution errors were Operation not permitted
from the restricted sandbox denying temporary 127.0.0.1 test servers. They
were rerun with explicit local-loopback permission; no Internet access was
needed. The 15 functional failures included stale provider fixtures, restored
schema/type contracts, route-model bindings, and shared Java-tool cache state.

2) AppWeb
Command: cd AppWeb && npm run lint
Observed summary: 33 errors, 13 warnings
Categories included conditional React Hook calls, parsing/unused-variable
errors, empty blocks, and irregular whitespace. No blanket ESLint disable was
used in remediation.

3) AppBackend
Command: cd AppBackend && mvn test -q
Observed summary (local-loopback allowed): 388 tests, 0 failures, 1 error,
1 skipped
The error was the Spring context test attempting to use a developer MySQL
database. Remediation introduced an explicit H2 test profile. The skipped test
was the opt-in visual fixture generator.

Important interpretation
------------------------
- Sandbox socket denials are environment errors, not product test passes or
  product defects; the same tests still had to pass with local-loopback access.
- Later suites contain additional regression tests, so final test totals are
  larger and must not be subtracted from this baseline as a simple "bugs fixed"
  number.
- The implementation plan mentioned an estimated 18 Python failures; this
  artifact uses the observed 15-failure/14-environment-error summary instead of
  rewriting evidence to match the estimate.
